well here we are on the thirty-first of
August as harvest log I think it's day
24 and we've moved from wheat
temporarily into the winter beans is a
crop of wizard which means and the
reason for that really is to try and
give them wings another day to dry
before we go and cut some week there's
probably too wet to cut this is around
twenty percent 19 and a half twenty
percent moisture and we can take sort of
three or four percent out of the beans
varia- a lower yield per hectare so that
is running around that sort of four
tonnes a hectare Mar go that jumping out
of there then we also got less material
to put through the dryer it means that
the wheat instead of being twenty
percent when we get to it tomorrow
hopefully will be sort of 1819 so we can
get that through a little bit faster a
little bit more cheaply as well so it's
not a bad crop of beans it's very very
weedy underneath
just as the trouble the herbicides on
themes its source imaging and things
like that have been withdrawn trying to
get them clean is really really hard
work so there's a lot of a lot of
rubbish well you can see that there's a
lot of rubbish going into the into the
tank there but that's why we'll clean
that out I suppose you could argue it's
better in the tank and in the yard and
on a fire then going back on the ground
but that's where we are really been a
frustrating few days heavy rain and
we're lucky to be going really it's good
that we've got a great cock like beans
to sort of spread the harvest and a
nihilist the sort of jump around we've
got 50 hectares we probably won't get it
all done tonight so there'll be a little
bit to do in the morning before we move
into wheat for for a few days we still
got a bit of spring valley to cuttin up
on the hill but we'll need to get that
down to a less than sixteen percent
ideally so that we can't even straight
up in the shed the moment
we haven't got the space to dry the
barley and play straight on the floor so
we till we get a bit of the tipple
shifted that we we combine pool earlier
in the week I suppose it was right so
that's where we are and stay tuned to
see how we are progressing